---
title: "Midas Registration for Cohort 1"
---

## LETRS for Teachers

- **Unit 3** ([MIDAS #60078](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60078?qQuery=60078&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=0)) - No additional sessions will be added for Unit 3 after September 30th, so sign up ASAP if you need it.
- **Unit 4** ([MIDAS #60079](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60079?qQuery=60079&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=1)) - Currently available
- **Unit 5** ([MIDAS #60810](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60810?qQuery=60810&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=1)) - Available August 2022 through February 2023*
- **Unit 6** ([MIDAS #60788](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60788?qQuery=60788&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=1)) - Available October 2022 through April 2023*
- **Unit 7** ([MIDAS #60789](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60789?qQuery=60789&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=1)) - Available January 2023 through June 2023*
- **Unit 8** ([MIDAS #60790](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60790?qQuery=60790&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=1)) - Available March 2023 through September 2023*

\* No additional sections will be added after these units have ended.

## LETRS for Admin

- **Admin Overview (part 1 of 2)** - [MIDAS #60389](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60389?qQuery=60389&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=0)
- **Principal Primer (part 2 of 2)** - [MIDAS #60446](https://usbe.midaseducation.com/professional-development/courses/course/60446?qQuery=60446&isUpcomingSectionsHidden=1)

### Reminders

- Participants must have an active MIDAS account to enroll for LETRS.
- Participants must be enrolled in a course through MIDAS to receive credit.
- Online work in the Learning Platform website must be completed prior to attending a virtual face-to-face unit training.
- It is the participants responsibility to ensure that their contact information listed in MIDAS is up to date.  This includes
	- Legal first and last name
	- Contact email address
	- CACTUS ID number
	- A current work email address
- Participants can call the MIDAS help line at 801-538-7807 with questions or help with their MIDAS profiles.
- USBE credit questions/concerns can be emailed to Charla Lucero at charla.lucero@schools.utah.gov
- If participants are missing credit in MIDAS, please have them email a copy of their Certificate of Attendance or an email confirmation that they were in attendance on the day of their unit training.
- All notifications pertaining to the LETRS unit courses will be sent from MIDAS.
- If no primary work email address is listed, MIDAS will default notifications to the email address listed in the participant’s profile.
- MIDAS notifications are often mistaken for spam emails, always check this folder for missing notification emails.
- Certificate of attendance are automatically generated by scanning the QR codes provided in your unit training by the presenter.
	- CoA’s will be sent to the email you used when attending the virtual unit training in Zoom.
	- If a participant did not receive their CoA, they must call the Voyager customer service at 800-507-2772.  Participants will be asked to provide the section EF or SA number so please remind them to make note of it, this number is listed in the section name they enrolled in on MIDAS.
- **Please use only your first and last name for your Zoom login.  They use that information to determine credit.  Absolutely no**
	- Nicknames
	- Teaching levels/grades
	- Room numbers
	- Abbreviations
	- Piggyback Registrations (Every participant **must** use their own device)

```dataview
TABLE WITHOUT ID file.mtime AS "Last Modified"
WHERE file.path = this.file.path
```